Tutorial (#362)
zeldaret/mm: docs/tutorial/beginning_decomp.md

    void **temp_s0;
    void **phi_s0;

    Actor_ProcessInitChain((Actor *) this, D_80C106C0);
    ActorShape_Init(&this->actor.shape, -60.0f, NULL, 0.0f);
    SkelAnime_InitFlex(globalCtx, (SkelAnime *) this->unk_144, &D_06011B60, (AnimationHeader *) &D_06009890, this + 0x188, this + 0x218, 0x18);
    phi_s0 = D_80C106B0;
    if (D_80C106C8 == 0) {
        do {
            temp_s0 = phi_s0 + 4;
            temp_s0->unk-4 = Lib_SegmentedToVirtual(*phi_s0);
            phi_s0 = temp_s0;
        } while (temp_s0 != D_80C106C0);
        D_80C106C8 = 1;
    }
    this->unk_2AC = 2;
    if (Flags_GetSwitch(globalCtx, (s32) this->actor.params) != 0) {
        this->actor.textId = 0x2ADC;
    } else {
        this->actor.textId = 0x2AD9;
    }
    func_80C10148(this);
}
[...]
```
</details>

Typically for all but the simplest functions, there is a lot that needs fixing before we are anywhere near seeing how close we are to the original code. You will notice that mips2c creates a lot of temporary variables. Usually most of these will turn out to not be real, and we need to remove the right ones to get the code to match.

> First, change the first argument back to `Actor* thisx` so that the function matches its prototype above. To allow the function to find the variables, we need another correction. Half of this has already been done at the top of the function, where we have
> 
> ```C
> #define THIS ((EnRecepgirl*)thisx)
> ```
> 
> To do the other half, write the following at the beginning of the function, before any declarations:
> 
> ```C
> EnRecepgirl* this = THIS;
> ```
> 
> Now everything points to the right place, even though the argument of the function seems inconsistent with the contents.
> 
> (Again: this step is only necessary for the "main four" functions, and sometimes functions that are used by these: it relates to how such functions are used outside the actor.)
> 
> While we are carrying out initial changes, you can also find-and-replace any instances of `(Actor *) this` by `&this->actor`. The function now looks like this:

Reviewer: This section could also be edited to reflect the other change, sorry I didn't mark it before.
```suggestion
To allow the function to find the variables, we need another correction. Half of this has already been done at the top of the function, where we have

``C
#define THIS ((EnRecepgirl*)thisx)
``

To do the other half, use this macro to replace the declaration of `this` at the beginning of the function:

``C
EnRecepgirl* this = THIS;
``

While we are carrying out initial changes, you can also find-and-replace any instances of `(Actor *) this` by `&this->actor`. The function now looks like this:
```

This last bit *"you can also find-and-replace any instances of `(Actor *) this`"*, is probably not strictly necessary, but I don't think it hurts to leave in.

(NB: I can't use triple-backticks in a suggestion, so you'll have to make this edit yourself instead of using the "accept suggestion" feature)

Author: Is this section necessary at all now?

Reviewer: I don't think it's critical; I the only thing is that `mips2c` will output something like:
```c
EnRecepgirl* this = (EnRecepgirl *) thisx;
```
which can be rewritten to use `THIS`.

Author: Ah right, yeah that probably is worth adding.

```
$ ../mips_to_c/mips_to_c.py asm/non_matchings/overlays/ovl_En_Recepgirl/EnRecepgirl_Init.s data/ovl_En_Recepgirl/ovl_En_Recepgirl.data.s --context ctx.c
```

However, there is one more thing we should do before we run this. *For the main four functions only*, a very common pattern is that the first argument is recast to a new variable with the actual actor's type. This allows us to access the extra struct variables that this particular actor has, rather than just everything in the general `Actor` struct. More simply, we will end up with
```C
EnRecepgirl* this = THIS;
```
at the top of the function, where you can see from the top of the file that `THIS` just expands to `(EnRecepgirl*)thisx`. Since `Init` (and the other "main four" functions) will access these struct variables, it is a good idea to change the `Init` prototype to be wrong, to fool mips2c so that it will output the actual variable rather than just its offset in the struct.

That's a lot of words for: change `Actor* thisx` in the `Init` prototype in the C file to `EnRecepgirl* this`:
```C
void EnRecepgirl_Init(EnRecepgirl *this, GlobalContext *globalCtx)
```

> and remake the context file. (It's a good idea to do the same for all of the "main four", so we won't mention it again). *Once you have the function decompiled, remember to put the arguments back to how they should be in both the prototype and the function itself*

Reviewer: This shouldn't be required anymore. The latest mips2c can detect this pattern and do it automatically.

Specifically, if:
- The function name starts with `Foo_`
- The first argument has type `Ptr *`
- There exists a struct called `Foo` in the context, whose first member is of type `Ptr`

Then, mips2c it automatically downcasts the first argument from a `Ptr *` into a `Foo *` & creates a `this`/`self` variable.
